[pkg/ottl]: Add UTF-8 safe slicing support to `Substring` function (#48590)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: pkg/ottl/ottlfuncs/README.md

### Substring

`Substring(target, start, length, Optional[utf8_safe])`

The `Substring` Converter returns a substring from the given start index to the specified length.

> `target` is a string. `start` and `length` are `int64`. `utf8_safe` is an optional boolean (default: `false`); when `true`, slice boundaries are snapped to UTF-8 character boundaries so multi-byte characters are never split, and the result may be shorter than `length` bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`target` is a string. `start` and `length` are byte offsets as `int64`. `utf8_safe` is an optional boolean (default: `false`); when `true`, a mid-character `start` advances to the next UTF-8 boundary and a mid-character end (`start+length`) backs up to the previous one, so multi-byte characters are never split, and the result may be shorter than `length` bytes.
```

Just to make it clear in which directions pointers move when a multi-byte is on the boundaries.
